Did you know France covers the most time zones of any country in the world? If you include its territories, France spans 12 time zones.
Did you know the Falkand Islands in the United Kingdome has about 350 sheep for each of its 3000 people? That's about half a million sheep!
Did you know the Russian army has the most tanks of any army in the world? Luckily, most of its 20,111 tanks are outdated.
Did you know Ukraine is expected to lose about 30% of its population by 2050 with a natural decrease in population of 0.8% annually?
Did you know Russia produces more oxygen than any other country with forests that span more area than the United States?
Did you know Iceland is considered by the UN to be the most desirable country to live in? People in Iceland have a long life expectancy, are well educated, make good income, and even have an app to prevent incest! 
Did you know the coins thrown into the Trevi fountain in Italy are collected for charity?
Did you know 85% of plant life is found in the ocean?
Did you know the 3 most common languages in the world are Mandarin Chinese, Spanish and English?
Did you know the Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific?
Did you know the Olympic flag was designed in 1913?
Did you know the game of Tug-of-war was an Olympic sport from 1900-1920?
Did you know, because of World War I and World War II, there were no Olympic Games in 1916, 1940, or 1944?
Did you know the Titanic was built in Belfast in the United Kingdom?
Did you know the first city to reach 1 million was London?
Did you know the brand Nokia is named after a place in southern Finland?
Did you know Scotland has the most redheads of any country?
Did you know the Eiffel Tower in Paris, France has 1,792 steps, is repainted every 7 years, and its blueprints covered more than 14,000 square feet of drafting paper?
Did you know employees of the Vatican pay no income tax?
Did you know nine European countries have legalized same-sex marriage (Belgium, Denmark, France, Iceland, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden)?
Did you know Europe received its name from a princess in Greek mythology? Europa was a Phoenician princess kidnapped by Zeus who had transformed into a white bull to take her.
Did you know the Alps mountain system runs through Austria, Italy, Liechtenstein, Germany, France and Slovenia?



